Crypto for Babies is shiny and bright,  
Money on the internet, flying like a kite  
It goes beep and boop and zip and zap,  
But you can't find it hiding under your nap.

Say hello to Bitcoin, round and small,  
Not in my piggy bank, or down the hall  
It dances on screens when you clap or tap  
But it won’t jingle when you plop it in your lap.

A blockchain is a chain that can't be broken,  
Blocks of secret codes, like words unspoken  
It’s a line of boxes, all in a row  
If you try to break it, it just says “no!”

Babies need wallets to store their stuff,  
But a crypto wallet isn’t leather or tough  
It’s a magic pocket, hiding on your phone,  
Where digital coins have a place of their own.

Some folks are miners with shiny hard hats,  
But they're not digging dirt, or chasing after cats  
They tap at computers, day and night long,  
Solving tricky puzzles, singing a beep-boop song.

NFTs are scribbles, art that won’t tear,  
Pictures of monkeys or dragons with flair  
They live in the cloud, impossible to touch,  
But grown-ups say they’re worth so much.

Rocket ships zoom when prices go high,  
Babies watch the chart as it flies to the sky  
Numbers bounce up, then tumble down fast,  
Just like a stroller racing down the grass.

To the moon, to the moon, grown-ups all shout,  
Waving their bottles and rolling about  
One day it’s fortune, next day a frown,  
Crypto spins you up, then whirls you down.

Oh no! A pop-up! Don’t click that link!  
It’s just a bad bug in digital ink  
Babies stay safe, hold on to your code,  
And never ever let strangers know your mode.

HODL your bottle and never let go,  
Hold on through highs and ride out the low  
Sometimes markets dance and sometimes they crawl,  
But brave little babies can handle it all.

Crypto is silly and wild and fun,  
But make sure to nap when your trading is done  
Hug your teddy, let worries go flop,  
The best kind of gains is a good solid plop.

Goodnight to wallets, coins, and more,  
Crypto for Babies, what a digital roar!  
Close your eyes, dream big and deep,  
Tomorrow your coins and your cuddles will keep.