Coding is fun for baby and me  
Let’s open the laptop and see what can be  
We’ll type on the keyboard and giggle and clap  
But first let’s make sure we don’t eat the cap

A variable is a box just for you  
You put things inside it like socks or a shoe  
But our box holds a bottle, a bear, or a pop  
Let’s name our box “yummy” and fill it right up

Loops go round in circles, again and again  
Like baby who crawls from the toy to the den  
“While not tired, crawl crawl crawl!”  
Baby will loop till she bumps into the wall

If and else are friends who decide  
Do I cry now, or giggle and hide?  
If nappy smells, then beep beep beep  
Else, let’s give Teddy a tickle and leap!

Bugs are sneaky, they hide in your code  
Just like the peas on baby’s highchair abode  
If a bug makes a mess, don’t you pout  
Just giggle and clean, then fix it right out!

Print says hello, it makes words appear  
Like “YAY BOTTLE TIME!” or “Mum is near!”  
Print “HUGS” and print “MORE!”, let’s shout with a crocodile roar  
The screen is so happy, it prints even more!

Functions are helpers, they sound like a song  
If you sing “clean up!”, it won’t take long  
Call the “naptime” function, close baby’s eyes  
Zzz… Off to sleep with lullabies

Arrays are rows for toys in a line  
Duck, block, sock, and a porcupine  
Put all your giggles in one big row  
It’s tidy and silly, give it a go!

Boolean means yes or means no  
Do you want more milk? Yes or no?  
Let’s code a baby robot, oh my!  
If yes, then drink, if not, then goodbye!

Comments are notes, all squiggly and new  
They help us remember what we should do  
Write “Brush teeth!” and “Wiggle toes!”  
So tomorrow, baby coding grows

Compile is a word that sounds like a nap  
Squish all the code together, clap clap clap!  
If it’s all tidy, then baby can play  
The computer is happy, hooray hooray!

Now coding is silly but also real smart  
From bottles and nappies to buggy restart  
Babies can giggle and learn in a rhyme  
Let’s code and cuddle, one giggle at a time!